posts/secondpost.md, before:

---
title: This is my second post
summary: Why contemplating our mortality can be a powerful catalyst for change
date: 2016-01-01
tags:
  - post
  - sport
---
Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

## Section Header

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Commit message:

Edit post content. Change author

posts/secondpost.md, after:

---
title: Changeover 2013
summary: The Changeover Dinner was well attended by members and friends of the Club. The Club was very honoured to have the presence of the Hon. Gladys Berejiklian, Minister for Transport as the keynote speaker and to launch the Club’s new website.
date: 2013-06-27
tags:
  - news  
---
The Changeover Dinner was well attended by members and friends of the Club. The Club was very honoured to have the presence of the Hon. Gladys Berejiklian, Minister for Transport as the keynote speaker and to launch the Club’s new website.

In 2012/13 the Club sponsored Miss Emma Henke, a Year 12 student from Ravenswood School for Girls, Gordon in the Lions Youth of the Year Quest, She was the State finalist and we invited her back to speak on her experience in the competition at the Changeover dinner. We wish her all the best in her IB examination at the end of the year.

Past District Governor and Zone Chairman John Harrison inducted three new members for the Club. The three new members are Lion Alex Wu, Lion Michael Li and Lion Geri Liao. All Club members and other Lions friends warmly welcome them to join the Lions family.

The outgoing District Governor Greg Dunn conducted the Changeover Ceremony. In his acceptance speech as President of the Club, Lion David To expressed his wish to continue the good work in finding an ambassador for Lions youth of the Year Quest and to focus on expanding the Club’s membership. Club members and friends were entertained by the singing sensation, Mrs Regina Ma’s.
